Release notes for 2023-04 (#136)
ni/install-systemlink-enterprise: release-notes/2023-04/README.md

## Upgrading from the 2023-03 to the 2023-04 release

JupyterHub user pod PVCs incorporate a user's email address in the PVC name. This aids in the association of users to JupyterHub PVCs so unused PVCs can be safely removed. Users will lose access to their personal Jupyter notebooks and other settings in their JupyterHub instance due to this change. Users are encouraged to backup their personal Jupyter notebooks locally prior to upgrading. Old PVCs are not automatically deleted and can be recovered. You can opt-out of this new behavior. This change does not affect notebooks [published](https://www.ni.com/docs/en-US/bundle/systemlink-enterprise/page/sharing-a-jupyter-notebook.html) to SystemLink Refer to **`sl-jupyterhub 1.0.0` PVC name change** in **Helm Chart Breaking Changes** for details.

## New Features and Behavior changes

> - You can use data spaces to find and visualize a subset of your test result data. This allows you to interactively slice data to diagnose issues or discover trends that may not obvious without visual inspection.

Reviewer: > of your test result data

Do we need to clarify this is Test Monitor test data? "Test result data" could refer to data tables just as easily as it could refer to Test Monitor data.

Author: Good point. I've clarified

# SystemLink Enterprise 2023-04 Release Notes

The 2023-04 release for SystemLink Enterprise has been published to <https://niedge01.jfrog.io>. This update includes new features, bug fixes, and security updates. Work with your account representative to obtain credentials to access these artifacts. If you are not upgrading from the previous release, refer to past release notes to ensure you have addressed all required configuration changes.

## Upgrading from the 2023-03 to the 2023-04 release

> - JupyterHub user pod PVCs incorporate a user's email address in the PVC name.

Reviewer 2: Don't think this needs to be a list since it's all really about one thing

Author: Will do

>     - This aids in the association of users to JupyterHub PVCs so unused PVCs can be safely removed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - This allows you to associate users with JupyterHub PVCs so you can safely remove unused PVCs.
```

>     - Users will lose access to their personal Jupyter notebooks and other settings in their JupyterHub instance due to this change.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - This change removes user access to personal Jupyter notebooks and other settings in their JupyterHub instance. Ensure that you create backups of this content before upgrading.
```

>     - Users are encouraged to backup their personal Jupyter notebooks locally prior to upgrading.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

    - Old PVCs are not automatically deleted and can be recovered.
    - You can opt-out of this new behavior.
    - This change does not affect notebooks [published](https://www.ni.com/docs/en-US/bundle/systemlink-enterprise/page/sharing-a-jupyter-notebook.html) to SystemLink
    - Refer to **`sl-jupyterhub 1.0.0` PVC name change** in **Helm Chart Breaking Changes** for details.

## New Features and Behavior changes

> - The new Data Spaces application is available

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You can use data spaces to find and visualize a subset of your test result data. This allows you to interactively slice data to diagnose issues or discover trends that may not obvious without visual inspection.
```

>     - You can use Data Spaces to find a subset of your test result data and visualize it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

>     - Your visualized data can be interactively sliced to diagnose issues or discover trends that may not obvious without visual inspection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> - The DataFrame Service now uses streaming data deserialization

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The DataFrame Service uses streaming data deserialization, which allows you to use larger batch sizes (more rows per write).
```

>     - Use larger batch sizes (more rows per write) to take advantage of the improved service performance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> - The Dremio S3 source configuration has been modified to automatically promote missing data sets on query.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The Dremio S3 automatically promotes missing data sets on query, which improves reliability in scenarios where a dataset is deleted at the same time it is queried. To uptake this change, delete all Dremio PVCs and restart all Dremio and DataFrame Service pods.
```

>     - This results in improved reliability in scenarios where a dataset is deleted at the same time it is queried.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

>     - To uptake this change delete all Dremio PVCs and restart all Dremio and DataFrame Service pods.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

Author: Done
